Update windows-autopatch-update-management.md (#10829)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/windows-autopatch/operate/windows-autopatch-update-management.md

> [!NOTE]
> You can only move devices to other deployment rings when they're in an active state in the **Ready** tab.<p>If you don't see the **Ring assigned by column** change to **Pending** in Step 5, check to see whether the device exists in Microsoft Endpoint Manager-Intune or not by searching for it in its device blade. For more information, see [Device details in Intune](/mem/intune/remote-actions/device-inventory).
  
> [!WARNING]   

> > Moving devices between deployment rings through directly changing Azure AD group membership is not supported and may cause unintended configuration conflict within the Autopatch service. In order to avoid service interruption to devices, use the **Assign device to ring** action described above to move devices between deployment rings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Moving devices between deployment rings through directly changing Azure AD group membership is not supported and may cause unintended configuration conflict within the Windows Autopatch service. In order to avoid service interruption to devices, use the **Assign device to ring** action described previously to move devices between deployment rings.
```
